networking issue section update: disclaimer about auto mtls and remove authn check. (#6796)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/common-problems/network-issues/index.md

## 503 errors after setting destination rule

> You should only see this error when you disable [automatic mutual](docs/tasks/security/authentication/authn-policy/#auto-mutual-tls) TLS during install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< tip >}}
You should only see this error if you disabled [automatic mutual TLS](docs/tasks/security/authentication/authn-policy/#auto-mutual-tls) during install.
{{< /tip >}}
```

Author: thanks! i was thinking there indeed some cutomized tag can be used for highlight, but can't rembmer the name!
